gh-64978: Add `chown()` to `pathlib.Path` (#31212)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-02-08-12-26-20.bpo-20779.Gha5Fa.rst

> Add :func:`pathlib.Path.chown` to :class:`pathlib.Path`. Patch by Jaspar Stach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add :meth:`pathlib.Path.chown` method that changes file ownership.
Patch by Jaspar Stach.
```

> Add :func:`pathlib.Path.chown` and :func:`pathlib.Path.lchown`

Reviewer 2: I don't see `lchown()` in this PR.
